Allow specifying a subset of parameters to estimate the jacobian by passing the `argnum` kwarg (#1371)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * The number of parameters used to estimate the Jacobian can now be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A subset of trainable parameters used to estimate the tape Jacobian can now be specified.
```

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* The number of parameters used to estimate the jacobian can now be specified.

>   [(#1371)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1371)

Author: Sure! Added
